---
title: "REVEALED: The Secret Trick to STOP Annoying Web Notifications in Windows 11 - 100% Effective!"
ShowToc: true 
date: "2022-12-05"
author: "Carlos Alexander"
---
*****
# REVEALED: The Secret Trick to STOP Annoying Web Notifications in Windows 11 - 100% Effective!

Web notifications are an important part of modern browsing experience. They help you stay updated with the latest developments and offers from websites that you visit. However, they can also be very annoying when they pop-up continuously, distracting you from your work. If you are a Windows 11 user and you are struggling to get rid of these notifications, there is a simple trick that you can use to stop them completely. In this article, we will reveal the secret trick to stop annoying web notifications in Windows 11.

## Understanding Web Notifications

Web notifications are pop-ups generated by websites that you visit. They are meant to inform you about updates, promotions, and other events related to the site. When you allow a site to show notifications, you will receive pop-ups that contain a message, a graphic, or a sound. Depending on the browser settings, you may receive web notifications on your desktop, your phone, or your tablet.

While web notifications may be useful in certain situations, they can become very annoying when they keep popping up even when you are not interested in them. For example, you may have subscribed to a site for a free trial or a special offer, but later realized that you are not interested in their services. However, the notifications keep coming, interrupting your work and disturbing your peace.

## The Problem with Windows 11

In Windows 11, web notifications are managed by the Action Center. This is a place where you can see all your notifications in one place, from both your system and your apps. When a website sends you a notification, it will appear in the Action Center, and you can either click on it to view it or dismiss it to remove it from the list.

However, the problem with Windows 11 is that it does not provide an easy way to stop web notifications from a particular site. Even if you dismiss a notification from a site, you will keep receiving notifications from that same site in the future. This is because the browser settings that control notifications are managed separately from Windows.

## The Secret Trick to Stop Web Notifications in Windows 11

To stop annoying web notifications in Windows 11, you need to go to your browser settings and disable notifications from the sites that are bothering you. Here are the steps to follow:

1. Open your browser and go to the Settings menu
2. Look for the section that controls Notifications or Alerts
3. Find the option that allows you to block notifications from specific sites
4. Enter the site URL that you want to block and save the changes

Once you have blocked notifications from a site in your browser settings, you will no longer receive notifications from that site on your Windows 11 device. This trick works for all major browsers such as Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Opera.

## Conclusion

Web notifications can be both helpful and annoying depending on your needs and preferences. In Windows 11, it can be challenging to stop web notifications from specific sites as they keep popping up even after you dismiss them. However, by using the simple trick outlined in this article, you can stop web notifications from a particular site completely. If you are tired of being disturbed by web notifications on your Windows 11 device, try this trick today, and enjoy a smoother and more peaceful browsing experience.

{{< youtube Fg03d5A-0gY >}} 



These notifications are called web notifications, and they are of great use. While it’s easy to enable web notifications for the sites we repeatedly visit, sometimes, we accidentally press the Allow button on the Notification prompt and think to undo the action.
Fortunately, it’s possible to stop sites from pushing you notifications to your Windows 11 desktop. So, if you are looking for ways to stop web notifications on Windows 11, you have landed on the right page.

 
## Steps to Block Web Notifications in Chrome, Edge, Firefox in Windows 11


This article will share a step-by-step guide on how to stop web notifications in Firefox, Chrome, and Edge browsers on Windows 11. Let’s check out.

 
### 1) Block Site Notification on the Chrome browser


If Google Chrome sends you the site notifications, you need to follow these steps to stop a site from sending you notifications. Here’s what you need to do.
1. Launch the Google Chrome web browser and click on the three dots as shown below.

2. From the list of options, click on Settings.

3. On the Settings page, click on the Privacy and Security option below.

4. On the right pane, select Site Settings.

5. On the Site Settings, scroll down and click on the Notifications.

6. Now scroll down to the Allow section. Next, select the website to disable the notifications.

7. Next, click on the menu button located on the right, and select Block.

That’s it! You are done. This is how you can stop site notifications on the Google Chrome web browser.

 
### 2) Block Site Notifications on Firefox


If you want to prevent a site from sending notifications on the Firefox browser, you need to follow these steps. Here’s how to block site notifications on the Firefox browser.
1. First of all, open the Firefox browser and click on the three horizontal lines below.

2. Next, click on Settings.

3. On the Settings page, click on Privacy & Security.

4. On the Right pane, scroll down to the permissions and click on the Settings… button beside Notifications.

5. Next, select the website to stop notification and select Block under the Status. Once done, click on the Save Changes button.

That’s it! You are done. This is how you can stop web notifications in the Firefox browser on Windows 11.

 
### 3) Block Site Notifications on Edge Browser


If it was the Edge browser that sends you the web notifications, you need to follow these simple steps to block the notifications.
1. First, open the Microsoft Edge browser and click on the three dots.

2. From the list of options, click on Settings.

3. On the Settings page, click on the Cookies and site permissions.

4. On the right pane, click on the Notifications.

5. Now, under the Allow section, select the site, click on the three dots beside the site URL, and select Block.

That’s it! You are done. This is how you can block site notifications in the Microsoft Edge browser.
The above methods will help you block web notifications in Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, and Microsoft Edge browser on Windows 11. So, if you receive too many site notifications on your Windows 11, you can follow these simple methods to stop all notifications.




